hey guys it's awfully may I am at the
LCS and I'm here with TSM Spence Karen
you guys just beat Fox - OH
how did those games go for you I think
the games were kind of easy I think in
the first game we just got a compa picks
like stone - and listen so I don't think
they have a big chance to win that game
but the second game we're like trying
some new like a new comp kind of so
there's a lot of us because we actually
didn't like factors that come too much
so much like implies actually like learn
stuff during the game which we usually
don't have to do if we display our
conflicts so the second game was a bit
harder yeah you tell me about the new
comp that you were trying out I mean we
just had like losing lanes kinda like
mid lane with no pressure so we had to
like scale up and we couldn't really
snowball the game because I was on
Gregor's as well so yeah but it has to
like scale up and then we didn't really
don't have to make place and I'll come -
well so we were kind of scared and
unluckily they kind of free on the band
so that's good but you said that you
were basically learning how to do your
competency were playing it was that was
there my god you went into it beforehand
knowing that you had to do that or was
that just like an in-game decision I
mean the obvious comes down to like
patient man because they been rescinded
games so I had to have to play something
that I'm not as comfortable I liked
comfortable on I guess so up to the
enemy team of course and we try to cast
a limit which we I don't think we played
this year yet so it's like a lot
different playstyle where we just like
sit back and we like try to counter what
they're doing and then we just scale up
and everyone the game well what do you
think about the current state of the
jungle right now and does it match with
your playstyle
I think the jungle right now is pretty
good for my playstyle because the
champions
I can't I've kind of played in the past
a lot like reksai Gragas and riesen all
like some of my favorite channels to
play so yeah it kind of fits my
playstyle a lot and since the jungle is
more more figured out now rather than
last bit where I was like a new jungle
I'm not s get surprised by like new
routes or something like this which I
did last bit where I didn't really know
what was the most optimal or like the
getting past so now it's just like a lot
better for me because the doing was more
like figured out so I know what to do
awesome well we have the rift rivals
coming up pretty soon
our UN TSM prepared for that are you
ready ah
growing up against the European team
said without is going to be pretty
exciting for me I think me and be really
excited because we're going back to you
to play and my family's going to watch
as well so it's going to be like pretty
nice to see my family as well and I
don't know if if it's going to be hard I
don't know for the other in 18 because I
know that TSM is looking pretty strong
right now but I don't know about gln
seems they don't look as good so I know
enough a fact that we're gonna do pretty
well but yeah I don't know about NS Hall
what are your thoughts on the changes
that they announce making B I believe
the day shorter and then changing it so
we thought you guys play everyone
actually didn't like read up too much on
how each other works I just know we
played the other three European teams on
the same day I like it like at MSI it's
going to be a lot of games so yeah I'm
just excited to meet the other European
teams I'm excited to see your family it
was just so cute I love it when people
get to go back and see their families
and things do they have anything planned
out for you do you get a day to spend
with them I don't think so I just know
they're going to be that to watch so
maybe one day we can go eat dinner
together hopefully hopefully you have a
little bit of time but nothing's lambda
oh I hope I wish that you can sneak out
the hotel room window and then just go
run into your family because I think
that would be really sweet is there
anything that you miss the most about
them I don't really miss I don't know
just the all the small things I guess
like just seeing them every day it's
nice I guess but ya know I like living
yes no home-cooked food or hugs and
kisses from mama or Dada no I like
American food so I'm fine here yeah okay
well do you have anything that you'd
like to say to your TSM fans cheering
you on thanks for supporting me for all
the tough times last with and I hope to
keep improving and hopefully you guys
cheers on at the house well spent thank
you so much for this interview and for
everyone else you can check out more of
our content right here
hey guys thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the content if you haven't
noticed I've been wearing the exact same
outfit for the past 10 outros so if you
would like to help me get a new
wardrobe you could support me at awfully
calm slash support